# Generated Types and Enums

This folder contains auto-generated types and enums from Supabase. Do not edit these files manually.


### Directory Structure:

```text
generated/
├── types/
│   ├── auth.types.ts
│   ├── questions.types.ts
│   └── ... (other .types.ts files)
├── enums/
│   ├── auth.enums.ts
│   ├── questions.enums.ts
│   └── ... (generated .enums.ts files)
├── supabase-config.json 
├── check-types-script.ts
├── generate-types-script.ts 
├── generate-enums-script.ts
└── README.md
```

## Generating Types and Enums

To generate both types and enums, run the following command:

```bash
pnpm gen:types-and-enums
```

## Generating Types

Supabase types are automatically generated by calling the Supabase API. \
The generated types will be written into the `/types` directory, with each file corresponding to a Supabase project.

### Steps to Generate Types:

1. Ensure that configurations in the `supabse-config.json` file is properly set up.
2. Then, run the following command:

    ```bash
    pnpm gen:types
    ```
    which runs the `generate-types-script.ts` under the hood.

## Generating Enums

After generating the `.types.ts` files, the corresponding enums can be generated automatically. The enums will be written into the `/enums` directory, with each file corresponding to its `.types.ts` counterpart.

### Steps to Generate Enums:

1. Ensure all your `.types.ts` files are located in the `/types` directory.
2. Then, run the following command:

    ```bash
    pnpm gen:enums
    ```

    which runs the `generate-enums-script.ts` under the hood.

This script will:
- Process all `.types.ts` files from the `/types` directory.
- Generate the corresponding `.enums.ts` files into the `/enums` directory.

## Important Notes

- Do not edit the generated files (`.types.ts` and `.enums.ts`) manually.
- Always regenerate types and enums using the above commands whenever changes are made to the database schema.
